h1. 		:: AS3TouchLib ::



h4. Small , easy to use , pure AS3 library for reading touch data and dispatching Touch or Mouse events on DisplayObjects .
Library allow to add own extensions and data parsers , so You dont have to edit any file to setup own data types .

h4. How it works : connect to socket , emulate touch using build-in functions or recive (TouchLib can automaticly choose data type) and parse bytes  , dispatch events on display list just like mouse or touch interaction .


.


h3. @ Formats :

h5. Supported formats :
 * CCV TCP (binary socket)
 * formated TouchEvents (FlashEvents , described lower)


h5. In development :
 * CCV  XML
 * TUIO UDP (in AIR)



h3. @usage

h4. Basic initalize :

To quick init , use TouchManager initialize functions :

<pre><code>import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchManager;
TouchManager.initConnection(stage);
</code></pre>

This code will create Socket , connect to localhost on port 3000 and listen for data .


To customize address , port and output/input mode , You can use params :

<pre><code>import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchManager;
import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchOutput;
import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchProtocol;

TouchManager.initConnection(stage , "192.168.1.5" , 3333 , TouchProtocol.CCVINPUT , TouchOutput.TOUCH );</code></pre>

Touch manager will connect to address , listene for CCV data type and dispatch TouchEvent's .


Initialize with own Socket connection :

<pre><code>import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchManager;
import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchOutput;
import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchProtocol;

TouchManager.initSocket(stage, socket , TouchProtocol.FLASHEVENT , TouchOutput.MOUSE);</code></pre>

This code will listen for socket data in FlashEvents mode and dispatch MouseEvent's

h4. About Input/Output :

h5. input (TouchProtocol)

Input element inform about format of incomming data . Build-in functions to parse binary data contains TouchProtocol class .
To set input , use code :
<pre><code>import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchManager;
import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchProtocol;

TouchManager.inputMode = TouchProtocol.FLASHEVENT</code></pre>

h5. output (TouchOutput)

Output provide 2 modes : MouseEvent or TouchEvent . 
<pre><code>import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchManager;
import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchOutput;

TouchManager.outputMode = TouchOutput.MOUSE
//or
TouchManager.outputMode = TouchOutput.TOUCH</code></pre>


h4@ Advanced usage :

Lib is ready to add own extensions without any code change .
For this You can look into at TouchCore class or simply add function using TouchManager :

<pre><code>import com.nuigroup.touch.TouchManager;
import flash.utils.IDataInput;

function YourParseFunction(data:IDataInput):void {
    // Your code
}
// ParserName is title for index in object than contain parsers
// You can always switch to other parser and back to this by set 
// TouchManager.inputMode = "ParserName";
// Head is begging of binary message . Head is for automode that automaticly compare header with begging of message
// and choose parser .
// last boolean value define inputMode , if true - input mode is set to this parser
TouchManager.addParser("ParserName" , "Head" , YourParseFunction , true);</code></pre>

This code will add parse function and set it as input.


h3. @authors

h4. NUIGroup.com community
as3 development     : Gerard Sławiński || turbosqel
test and support    : Christian Moore
